Update model.md (#3230)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/model.md

{% endif %}
```

To view the contents of `model` for a given model:

<Tabs>

>   <TabIemte value="cli" label="CLI">

Author: ```suggestion
  <TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">
```

{% endif %}
```

To view the contents of `model` for a given model:

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

If you're using the CLI, use [log()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/log)
to print the full contents:

```jinja
{{ log(model, info=True) }}
```
  
 </TabItem>
 
 <TabItem value="ide" label="dbt Cloud IDE">
   
 If you're using the dbt Cloud IDE, compile the following to print the full contents:
 

> <code>{{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}</code>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<code> {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }} </code>
```

> <code> {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }} </code>

Reviewer 2: We can use shell for code blocks:
```suggestion
  ```shell
    {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}
  ```

```

{% endif %}
```

To view the contents of `model` for a given model:

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

If you're using the CLI, use [log()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/log)
to print the full contents:

```jinja
{{ log(model, info=True) }}
```
  
 </TabItem>
 
 <TabItem value="ide" label="dbt Cloud IDE">
   
 If you're using the dbt Cloud IDE, compile the following to print the full contents:
 
  ```shell

>     {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}
    ```
```

{% endif %}
```

To view the contents of `model` for a given model:

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

If you're using the CLI, use [log()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/log)
to print the full contents:

```jinja
{{ log(model, info=True) }}
```
  
 </TabItem>
 
 <TabItem value="ide" label="dbt Cloud IDE">
   
 If you're using the dbt Cloud IDE, compile the following to print the full contents:
 

> ```shell

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```jinja
```

> {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{% raw %}{{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}{% endraw %}
```

> {{ model \| tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{ model \\| tojson(indent = 4) }}
```

> {{ model \\| tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: @JKarlavige Any idea why this pipe is making netlify fail? I tried escaping it, but it still doesn't work :(

Reviewer 3: Hey @runleonarun, I am not too sure to be honest. I just tried a variety of things but no luck on getting the build to pass. This might be something we'll have to look into further to try and sort out, mind putting in a task for us to investigate?

Reviewer 2: Thanks  @JKarlavige Asana task opened: https://app.asana.com/0/1200099998847559/1204463347472924/f

Author: hey @patkearns10 - should there be a "," in the below code?

```jinja
{{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}
```

Reviewer 4: Nope! you are taking the output of the model variable and piping it into a function tojson():
<img width="569" alt="Screen Shot 2023-04-17 at 11 46 14 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30663534/234434180-49b71317-95da-4dc3-9c97-d50c7ec7d500.png">

>   {{ model \| tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{ model \| tojson(indent = 4) }}
```

>     {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    {{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}
```

>     ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  ```
```

> {% raw %}{{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}{% endraw %}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  {{ model \| tojson(indent = 4) }}
```

{% endif %}
```

To view the contents of `model` for a given model:

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="cli" label="CLI">

If you're using the CLI, use [log()](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/log) to print the full contents:

```jinja
{{ log(model, info=True) }}
```
  
 </TabItem>
 
 <TabItem value="ide" label="dbt Cloud IDE">
   
 If you're using the dbt Cloud IDE, compile the following to print the full contents: <br /><br />

 ```jinja
{{ model | tojson(indent = 4) }}
```
   
</TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Model structure and JSON schema

To view the structure of `models` and their definitions:
- Refer to [dbt JSON Schema](https://schemas.getdbt.com/) for describing and consuming dbt generated artifacts
- Select the corresponding manifest version under **Manifest**. For example if you're on dbt v1.3, then you would select Manifest v7

>   * The `manifest.json` version number isn't directly related to your dbt version, so you_must_ use the correct `manifest.json` version for your dbt version. To find the correct `manifest.json` version, refer to [Manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) and select the dbt version on the top navigation (such as `v1.5`). This will help you find out which tags are associated with your model. 

Reviewer: Suggesting this change because they are related, they're just not equal

```suggestion
  * The `manifest.json` version number is directly related to (but not _equal_ to) your dbt version, so you _must_ use the correct `manifest.json` version for your dbt version. To find the correct `manifest.json` version, refer to [Manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) and select the dbt version on the top navigation (such as `v1.5`). This will help you find out which tags are associated with your model. 
```

>   * The `manifest.json` version number isn't directly related to your dbt version, so you_must_ use the correct `manifest.json` version for your dbt version. To find the correct `manifest.json` version, refer to [Manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) and select the dbt version on the top navigation (such as `v1.5`). This will help you find out which tags are associated with your model. 

Author: ```suggestion
  * The `manifest.json` version number is related to (but not _equal_ to) your dbt version, so you _must_ use the correct `manifest.json` version for your dbt version. To find the correct `manifest.json` version, refer to [Manifest](/reference/artifacts/manifest-json) and select the dbt version on the top navigation (such as `v1.5`). This will help you find out which tags are associated with your model.
```
